in the shallow waters of the blue blue
sea there are treasures to be found by
you and me oh hi I found some great
stuff at the beach today look I found
this long pointy shell with this spiral
whining all the way from the bottom of
the shell to the point at the top and I
really liked the color too what else oh
yes we have some long green seaweed and
here's an ah lovely shell it's a curvy
shell with lots of little bumps on it
now if I hold this shell up to my ear I
can hear the sea whoosh swoosh it's like
to see is whispering to me oh and what
do we have here we have a red starfish
with one two three four five points and
it feels really rough with all its
little bumps on it that's cool too oh
and here's another shaped shell
it's a fan-shaped shell so today I'm
gonna make a collage that's a fantastic
picture that will remind me of all the
great things that I found at the beach
today now I'm not going to use my actual
sea treasures I'm gonna use some soft
felt shapes yeah that are exactly the
same as the treasures that I found so
we've got this long spiral shape that is
just like the long spiral shell accept
that this felt shape feels soft and
fuzzy and what else Oh yep we've got
this red star which is just like the red
starfish so I'm gonna put them all on
this board here they should grip to it
because the board is really sticky now
yes I think that I'll start with some
fuzzy blue waves here we go
in the shallow waters of the blue blue
sea there are treasures to be found by
you and me seaweed like ribbons or rows
of beads then float and wave in the blue
blue seas can you hear the sea you
whisper hold the shell to your ear it'll
sing you a sea song
listen and yoky looking good
should I add some more fuzzy treasures
in the shallow waters of the blue blue
seas there are treasures to be found by
you and me shells that spiral shells
that fan sea urchins and driftwood wash
up on the sand can you hear the sea
whisper all the shell to your ear it'll
sing you a sea song listen and you'll
hear
Wow tada
I see picture and the best thing about
this see picture is I can change it
anytime I like yeah